hello everybody welcome to the
scientists room and another another
guitar video so we've got audio bus
running here I've just got the ordinary
speaker output but you know it could be
your favorite door and alchemy as the
input and there's something else running
as well but we'll get to that in just a
sec angelic voice and the guitar which
is now gonna play alchemy polyphonic so
and just check another sound
so what I've done here to make that work
is use another app which some of you
might know but if you don't I think if
you're a guitarist used to definitely
get this it's a MIDI guitar and it it
will it will obviously play any of your
synth apps that you can do with virtual
midi at the moment it also does Wi-Fi
MIDI as well so you can control any of
the sense off your desktop da w's okay
so it's picked up for alchemy mobile now
it does polyphonic or monophonic and has
latency sense other than that it's
pretty anything but I've got it running
with alchemy because I think it's really
it's really nice so that's that's all
you do to get to the only thing is the
app is free but it only thought he only
comes with fear okay this one sound
which which is rubbish but at least you
can see that it works and then we can
run through network sessions virtual
midi alchemy mobile again it's $13.99
which is what I guess 1919 or $20.00 and
to get the virtual midi I think it's
well worth it I got this absolutely ages
ago I forgot forgot all about it until I
gave the iPad and I'll try the stuff
that you know do it was a bit glitchy so
anyway let's run through a few more
sounds let's pick another another
library actually I quite like the I like
the guitar ones because it sounds really
nice in the guitar
okay how much grateful you cannot play
nor your sin spirit there is the
important thing here is how this starts
so close everything face thing to
openness or do boss then choose the
output then choose the input once you've
chosen the input ie alchemy for me or or
whatever and then just minimize and open
your MIDI guitar it doesn't work the
other way if you open meeting it's our
first forget it I it doesn't work so
anyway there's MIDI guitar brilliant and
see you later